[ Upbeat music plays ]
♪♪
[ Chomping ]
[ Slurping ]
[ Pop! ]
Mom!
Mm-mm.
Mm?
Mm-mm-mm-mm.
No, I didn't get
a new haircut.
Hmm.
[ Gasps ]
Hmm?
Hmm, hmm, hmm!
No, I'm not desperately
trying to get noticed
for waxing my mustache.
Hmm!
[ Gasps, squeak ]
No, I haven't had my
dentures whitened,
and I don't wear dentures!
And by the way,
I can plainly see
you're all miming,
so just man up and ask.
[ Inhales sharply ]
What did we do wrong?!
[ Whines ]
It might be that
a certain someone
forgot a certain something.
Uh, you're being a bit
hypocritical here.
You can't be angry at someone
for forgetting something
if you can't even remember
their name or what they forgot.
[ Inhales ]
It's fine. No need to make
a fuss about it.
I got it.
There must be some secret fuss
that I shouldn't know about!
No, there is no fuss.
[Chuckles ] No fuss.
Got it.
No, seriously,
there is no fuss.
you just said
you didn't want a fuss.
Also, what is all
this fuss about?
Sure, you didn't
organize any fuss.
I'm not bluffing.
There's no fussing.
[ Doorbell rings ]
[ Gasps ] Oh!
I wonder who this could be!
Oh!
A sing-a-gram!
Uh...
♪ Hello, my darling
Hello, my baby ♪
♪ This is from the IRS
♪ You better pay it,
they're getting serious ♪
♪ Your home
will be repossessed ♪
There you go.
What?
[ Gasps ]
A party!
I knew it.
Yay!
[ Feet squealing ]
[ Funeral song playing ]
Even acupuncture
couldn't save him.
[ Sighs ]
[ Airplane buzzing overhead ]
"It's a special day!"
Aww!
"Get 25% off at Dave's
Skywriting Emporium"?
Wait, so you really haven't
organized anything?
Oh.
Okay.
It's all right.
It's quite all right,
really.
Don't make a fuss.
Okay, then.
[ Sighs ]
Something about
her body language
tells me
she doesn't mean that.
Yep. Pack your bags,
we're about to go on
the round-the-world
guilt trip.
Unless we figure out what we
should be making a fuss about.
[ Sighs ]
[ Wind whistling ]
[ Thunder booms ]
♪ Dirty socks
and filthy clothes ♪
♪ When all I wanted
was a sweet red rose ♪
♪ And how could anyone forget
or fail to see why I'm upset ♪
♪ He made me laugh
with things he said ♪
♪ But now he can't
remember the day we -- ♪
[ Electricity crackles,
music stops ]
Aaaah! Gumball!
Put out the fire!
Ahh!
No, don't!
Aah!
Pwah! The song!
Finish the song!
No. A certain someone should
know why today is important.
Why did you say we shouldn't be
making a fuss
if you get all angry about it
when we don't?
"No need to make a fuss"
is a thing people say,
but they obviously
don't mean it.
It's all in the subtext,
like when someone says,
"I'm only two minutes away."
"But we should
stay in touch."
Or, "It's fine, honey."
Uh, okay.
So, are you gonna tell us what
we should be celebrating?
Don't worry about it,
sweetheart.
It's kind of difficult
to organize a party
if we don't know
what it's for.
What's appropriate?
Cake?
What if it's the anniversary
of some tragedy?
A black cake?
Let's keep it
as vague as possible.
Like this, look.
"Today's the day."
Do I draw a smiley face
on the card or not?
Make it both!
[ Scribbling ]
Mm.
Keep it neutral.
[ Balloon expands ]
Good choice! Beige,
the Wednesday of colors.
Like a visual muzak.
As noncommittal as can be.
Okay, I'll be Mom coming in.
Everyone, try and look
as bland as possible.
[ Gasps ]
I feel nothing.
It's perfect.
[ Door opens ]
[ Gasps ] She's coming!
Get ready to sing
the everything song!
[ Gasps ]
♪ Today's so very important,
it doesn't come very often ♪
♪ For reasons you thought
we'd forgotten ♪
♪ Today is all about you
♪ It's such an important day
It's such an important day ♪
♪ Happy today to you,
happy today to you ♪
♪ Happy today, dear Nicole
♪ Unless it's kind of sad, too
♪ This day for you
♪ Is important for us, too
♪ A sad and serious day
♪ unless you want us
to say hooray ♪
♪ We know this idea
is not strong ♪
♪ This is clearly
a Christmas song ♪
♪ We can't keep this up
for too long ♪
♪ So tell us what's wrong
"With deepest feelings
on this momentous occasion."
Smooth.
[ Panting ]
We baked you a cake.
Really?
[ Splat! ]
Dad, she was looking you
right in the eye.
It's you who's
forgotten something!
What is it?
Okay. Let me think.
[ All gasp ]
[ Panting ]
What's going on?
[ Mumbling incoherently ]
I think he's
using his brain!
[ Roars ]
This is dangerous!
He's pushing way past
his usual limits!
[ Yelling ]
Aaaah!
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!
He's not gonna make it!
No, Darwin.
He has to do this.
Aaaaah!
[ Gasps ]
I got it.
What is it?
We ask for a clue!
[ Groaning ]
[ Pounding ]
Can you please just tell us why
today is so special
so this family can
get back to functioning
in its usual
dysfunctional way?
[ Sighs ] It's November 1.
Our wedding anniversary.
Hmm.
Since when do swans
have nipples?
[ Bawling ]
Dad, there's only one way
to save the day --
with a totally over-the-top,
disproportionate,
overblown gesture.
[ Sniffle ]
You're right!
I don't know what's so special
about October 11,
but I know it's an important day
to your mother,
so I'm going to make sure
I never forget it again.
How?
Hmm.
That's not a swan.
It's an elephant.
What are you
talking about?
Well, didn't you ever wonder
why we went on summer vacation
in January?
The calendar
was upside down.
Today is October 11,
not November 1.
[ Gasps ]
I'm going to get a tattoo of
October 11 on my butt!
Okay, a tattoo
is a big commitment.
You should probably
think about it for --
[ Horn honks ]
So, it turns out I was...
[ Mumbles ]
What?
You know, I was...
[ Mumbles ]
[ Sighs ]
She thought today was
their wedding anniversary,
but it isn't.
She's trying to say
she was wrong,
but her mouth is pathologically
incapable of saying those words.
Well, I hope her legs are
capable of making up for it.
What? Why?
It looks just like her.
Thanks.
I'd like this on that.
Uh-huh.
[ All panting ]
[ Tires screeching ]
[ Crash! ]
What are you doing?
I couldn't see ahead!
Then we're gonna
have to run.
Ow! It hurts so bad!
Oh, no, no, no!
I can't do it!
It's too painful!
Dude, I assure you, that's a
reasonable price for a tattoo.
[ Honk! ]
Ahh, please don't be a butt,
please don't be a butt,
please don't be a butt.
Oh, thank you, universe.
[ Shivering ]
Technically,
that's my face.
Uhh, that's my butt.
[ Sighs ]
Let's go this way!
We can see where we're going
in this direction!
[ Needle buzzing ]
Wait!
What?
You're holding it upside down.
[ Laughs ]
Almost got
the date wrong there.
[ Both laugh ]
Where is it?
By the strip mall,
somewhere on the left.
I can't see anything!
[ Grunts ]
Oh.
Oh, my gosh, I'm so sorry.
Wait, I gotta write you a ticket
before I forget what happened.
[ Splat! ]
Stop!
[ Needle stops ]
What?
Where's my husband?
I'm here!
Oh, here.
What have you done?
Ahh, don't worry, honey.
Oh, thank goodness.
You didn't go through with it.
No, I totally
went through with it.
I just meant that
he gave me a discount
so you don't need to worry
about the price.
Oh, Richard.
Now I'll never forget
what day it is.
I will always look
at this and think,
"I wonder what day that is,"
forever.
But I was wro...
[ Mumbles ]
Huh?
She messed up with the date
and she was wrong.
[ Gasps ]
[ Laughs ]
Well, that's a day
to remember.
[ Grunts ]
Aw! Just kidding.
I know exactly
how to fix this.
How?
[ Tattoo needle buzzing ]
Now I'll never forget to
think about you every day.
What do you think?
Hmm.
I love it.